1. Looking back at your Foundations learning plan, what parts were accurate about how you learn?

A strength i listed in my orignal plan was "A Strength of mine is i will keep doing something until i understand and can replicate the same thing over and over again" 
this was a strength still of mine as i wouldnt give up untill i fixed an issue and got it working and i have kept this strong since i started. 

2. What surprised you most about bootcamp or yourself during bootcamp?

the ability to take information that the course gave and then apply it to my study and real work place. i feel like i was able to apply the information to more than just one aspect and i feel that now if i am at my job or at 
home i am thinking about the information that i learnt. i am also really suprised that i was able to learn so much in such a short amount of time. 

3. What has been your biggest technical challenge so far?

Biggest techinal challenge has been for me dreamfest. I have done 3 attempts to hand the work in and everytime i change something i would break something else and it was a real test of my knowledge and paientence. the challenge 
was because its was applying all of the things you had learn i would remeber some things and forget others so i would find myself going in circles sometimes to get an anwser 

4. What has been your biggest non-technical challenge?

My biggest non-technical challenge has probably been managing frustration and stress when things are not working. I tend to focus heavily on solving problems and can spend too long trying to fix 
something myself instead of stepping away or asking for help earlier. Balancing work, study, and personal time has also been difficult at times because bootcamp requires a lot of energy and focus.

5. When you become stressed or overwhelmed, what does that actually look like for you?

When i would become stressed or overwhlemed i would tend to become quiet and try to foucs on the issue and try to push on untill i got it done and iu wouldnt want any distraction from anyone. 

6. What strategies actually help you when stressed?

Taking a break going and doing something i enjoy would help lots it would get me out of the negative mind set and i would come back and go ok start fresh what can i do to fix this.

7. Have you improved in any areas since Foundations?

I feel most of the way to do things has improved i now start to take what i have learnt and apply it into my real life and into my job.
